We should practice it, but when we could really lining up toward that, to transfer that
consciousness.
That is what we are going to talk, according to the teachings.
In order to that, in the teachings say, you can make every effort, your effort to sustain our body.
That everything we have, you can do. And that is what, according to the Buddha teaching,
the medicine practices and then conduct the behavior.
So that means dietary, conduct, all those what the expert says, what do you know,
should apply to maintain and to keep up this precious human body, this life.
As I said, we should not, in the teachings say this, I am not saying that.
As I said, we should not say, I like to live, I don't like this ball.
That is not the solution, according to the teachings.
In fact, when we do that, according to the teachings, we create more bad karma than the clayware of
the karma.
That trouble is not going to go away.
Karma is like shadow, according to the teachings.
Even though we don't see shadow ourselves, but shadow is there.
So in every situation, opportunity, there is always shadow came, shadow efforts.
For that reason, great master J.M.K. said that karma is like, for example,
when birds fly in the high of the sky, you don't see any shadows.
With the fact that water is already high, you really won't see any shadows.
But moment, as soon as they are going to land on the ground,
that moment is shadow efforts.
Similarly, karma, maybe we won't see immediately that, but karma will come.
This is what is our deed, our activities.
Whatever we did, according to the great city of Bodhaka community,
it will return back to us, as like boomerangs.
When boomerang, when we throw the boomerang, I understand, it will return back to you.
To you. Same way, karma will come back as boomerang.
But when it came back to ourselves, according to the teachings,
it will become more lower, more bigger, more stronger.
It's not just that, only that will come back.
It will come over multiple ways.
That is not just bad karma, but good karma too.
Bad karma, good karma.
This is the same example in the teaching used, as when we planted a seed,
when we planted a seed or when we saw the seed on the ground,
one seed, one seed, we're not expecting one seed,
one fruit or one result, one grain from that one seed.
It will multiply it, multiply it.
For example, apple seed, we planted apple seed, one apple seed.
It will break the whole tree and hold maybe hundreds of the apples.
And not just only one hunt, year after year.
That is examples of the karma. It's not going to stop.
So therefore, if we say sometimes, "Oh, I don't like this world,
I don't like that, I'm tired, bored, all these things,
I like to live and can't rely on doing that."
That is the immediate cause, it's known as destroying the divine body.
And in a way, in the Buddha's teachings,
it will become the murder, killing something.
Killing is, as I said in the Buddha's teachings, there is merit on virtues.
Among them, the number one connection teacher, Buddha, I like it.
Killing is the number one.
It is big, big obscurations, big, heavy garments, heavy garments,
that we have to pay, as I said, according to the teaching, it will come back.
Come back, so therefore, we should do it every way to prevent that.
And plus, this body is like special. This is like breaking the body with sustenance.
And not just the only device residing there,
but according to Buddha's teaching, or the way of medicine,
this body has so many beings relying on our body.
This body is a residence of so many beings.
So that means, when we stop the body,
we destroy all of that token there,
and they don't make it about the Divine or the one person,
Buddha or more Buddhas, Buddhas and the teachings.
That don't make all that also destroy.
So therefore, it is very, very important, necessary and important.
So those are, in a way, the Buddha teachings,
measured medicine, ceremony or the acumen,
meditation activities, and then, as well as, conduct or the dietary.
Now you did those old things, and also you got some indications,
all this now going to change our lives.
Those I mentioned yesterday, I call the teaching,
you're indicating all the different signs and you did those signs.
And now, even you did all those practices, the taking medicine,
doing everything, not preventing, not stop, it's continually happening, happening.
Then, it is now becoming, coming, but however,
then when it comes, what is this?
Nowadays, then, also science.
Science is going to come.
If there is a force, graduation, that we are dying or leaving this body,
all suddenly, this is more, every normal person leaves graduation.
And then, of course, there is suddenly,
people have no accident, that happened, but every people,
this is the every people.
Now you go to six, six, and you're taking medicines,
not doing, they didn't really happen anything.
It is just a coming from two million other,
and you're doing the ceremony, practice, meditating,
accumulate, meditating, and your dieting,
all those, everything, getting up, everything,
it's not really happening, it's happiness.
Now, if this is really happening,
then, what is teaching?
What is the graduation teacher?
But again, Gopi and Masala are teaching.
It's called, called, kuna chak sai, chien chapayun chien,
dhammasarunga, you know.
In the six part of practices,
six part of practices will help them.
It is really nice and translate.
Can God help me?
Then, so I can read this to you.
And, I hope I help you.
(Sadhguru speaks in the background)
But basically, in six part of practice,
I pray that we have put them.
Six part of practices said,
now, that time, whenever it comes,
now, we have to respect our courage,
courage and commitment.
Try to not evolve with emotions.
In the teaching, what is that?
Part of teaching said, avoiding the emotions.
What kind of emotions that has?
Attachment and anger.
We should not have any.
And particularly, attachment.
Something that will be attracted.
Thank you, Raul. Yeah. Yeah.
Thank you. That's a really nice, nice translation.
Thank you. Thank you.
Oh, yeah, this book has it.
And here, what is it?
(Sadhguru speaks in the background)
In the part of the movement, death is donning upon me.
Abundantly, attachment and clinging to everything.
Remaining the spirit of the clay and structures.
Transfer the unborn self-evolution into the openness of the spaces.
When we are able to lead this body composed of the clay and the blood,
realize this is environmental illusion.
That is the essence of the teachings of this moment, of this time.
First, we have to, as he said, we have to change our attitude.
Don't be grasping or attracted to something, clinging.
And the same thing, don't hate something.
Or I can't, or I regret that, or I don't feel.
No more that. Any of those thoughts.
Any belongings that you have, all gathered,
targeted mentally, make that offerings.
I'm sure you prepared in this country to do those.
In Asia, maybe they don't do too much.
That goes, what's it called? Whills? Whills.
Whills, and all those prepared.
But still, don't attach it. Don't cling.
Even though you met them, designated everything to these individuals,
these to them, but now gathered mentally, that whole,
make that offering, mandala offering to the Buddha, Amitabha.
Entirely, a Buddha's bodhisattva teaches.
Make that mandala offering.
Generally, in Buddhism, there are three things that we need.
Strongly attach it. Strongly attach it.
That is, first is our body.
We attach it to our body.
Second is we attach it to our world.
Well, third is we attach it to the repetitions,
our positions, or our managerial activities,
or our good deeds, or something that I'd like to do continually.
Something, all that.
World is one, material wealth, but also is included in our relatives,
family members, anything, those who are considering as part of the luxury,
part of the wealth to you, even though they're not material object like that,
but they are part of the wealth.
This time, everything you make offerings.
Really, make that offerings to Buddha's bodhisattva, all the enlightenment,
particular to the Buddha, Amitabha.
And you can remember and think that in half the mind, by bagging this offering,
may all these peoples and everyone be enlightened
and free from suffering the difficult trouble,
connected that to the bodhisattva.
Make that offerings to all our wealth.
And then our physical conditions.
Bodhi, as in the teaching itself, is the illusion,
is the composite of the bone and flesh and the muscles and all that.
When we concentrate, and before we concentrate, we don't have this body.
We don't have that.
This body came maybe 80 years ago, or 70 years ago,
60 years ago, or 30 years ago, or whatever, that is all, 80 years ago.
Before that, we don't have this body.
This is not permanent state, this.
So, this is therefore, don't get ratchet again.
Make this body also offer to the Buddha, Amitabha,
and all the Buddha, the bodhisattvas, that.
And make this benefit to all the beings, again,
make that offering as bodhi to them, make that offerings.
Then our reputation, the meritorious, particularly such as the meritorious activities,
such as practice, meditation, all that.
Remember those, make that offering too.
You made good kind of reflective, that means to your past, what you did in life.
I did good things, I did this, I did that.
You can think of that.
But I have not came to think clearly of all of those,
but all those good deeds are what we have you did.
We are the kind of uplifting joys, uplifting kind of aspire yourself.
I did great.
Stay on the standing firmly on the ground of the joy and appreciation
and that you did good.
Good.
And thinking of everything that may offer us.
And of course, practice meditation each time we did it in that marriage
for all living beings.
Do again this.
And then our petitions, our positions, our whatever we did
and whatever we couldn't finish the complete.
Make that whole offerings, whatever you do.
I did wonderful, I did my best.
I shut my share.
Share I did.
Really feel happy, the joy, and make that offerings.
No more regrets, no more troubles, no more worries,
no more thinking, no more concerns of the family, the Jesus and the death.
They will be survived.
That's throughout these stories.
We think all of that, maybe all they can survive.
I'm not the only one.
Or maybe they will start again.
Ever you go on, what will we do?
These and that.
Things.
But everyone will survive.
Everyone will do their best, too.
And why are you boring and concerned?
Now you're going to direct your thoughts, your journey,
your spiritual path, your enlightened status,
your transparents, transparents.
That is what really we need.
We need to do.
So reactivate the poor meditation.
Poor meditation as we learn, as we learn,
regularizing yourself as the video yogini,
and talking with all those channels, all these things.
Trying to regularize that.
And now this is all happening.
And now for example, gradually we are ending that.
Then different elements are beginning to dissolve,
one after another.
And those are the one in the teaching said,
five senses, five organs, and five chakras.
All those will be started dissolving.
To start starving, they're losing their strength.
Why that happened?
According to Buddhism, over here in the teaching,
the wind is the most powerful.
Among all the elements,
wind is directing every element.
Or A is directing every element.
Every element.
Even though art is so important,
why is it so important?
Why is it so important?
But this wind element is really kind of like directing
all the other elements.
So when we have started kind of the strength of losing,
that means according to the teaching,
the wind is now unbalanced.
Our wind element has become unbalanced.
And that immediately effect to the whole system of the chakras,
organs, senses, senses, and that immediately.
And that immediately effect then in the teaching said,
well, it will effect to the here.
It will effect to the eyes, eye bones.
And that immediately, for example,
also you don't see clearly things.
Things clearly has become blurred in these states.
You don't see.
So the eyes don't cut kinds.
And also you can't hear so clearly.
Clearly it gets all kind of like,
that becomes a bit, I mean, the blurry.
But sound is not so clear.
So the vision is not so clear.
It's become almost kind of blurry.
And then the eyes is not so clear.
It's also can't hear exactly as it is.
Around that time, then in the teaching said,
the navel center is the first navel chakra.
It's the first to become the unbalanced.
It effect immediately navel chakras.
This navel chakra is, according to Buddha's teaching,
this is also past chakra.
All the other chakras develop slowly.
But past chakra is navel chakra for that reason in Buddhism.
Navel chakra is what in the Buddha's teaching,
named chakra of the emanations,
where all that everything is developed.
Now that, that, like this etymology,
or that is like going down.
And so when that happened, then in the teaching said,
again I might be making a little bit clear of this.
And there is a different, different signs, welcome.
External signs, inter-design, and secondary signs will come.
The external signs will come.
That time, the eye level, you don't see clearly.
You don't see clearly everything become kind of blurry.
Blurry at that time, chakra level is,
navel chakra is losing the strength or the balances.
And that moment also is affecting Twitter.
That means the art element is also now become unbalanced.
Art element of the physical.
Art element of the physical is going to happen,
and that person individually become so unstable.
Unstable.
So that means, I think maybe in the morning time,
gravity is losing.
Gravity is losing.
They can't lift their necks.
They can't stand on the family.
And all that art element, that is a sign of the externally art elements.
Inevitably, in that individual heart affair,
mind is become very kind of blurry.
Mind itself become not so clear, not close.
And the secondary level in the teaching said,
that individual begin to see like almost varieties.
That everything is moving, moving, and like as varieties.
So that moment, then what is also lost,
strength of the pain crisis,
that function of the pain crisis is also stopping.
So art element is really dissolved.
When art element that merging,
that's immediately effort to the water elements.
Water, water element.
Now water element is dissolved.
And water element is dissolved in that moment immediately,
in effect also to the heart chakras.
Heart chakras.
And that individual is also in externally in scene,
everything is become kind of dry, dry.
All this is dry, and everything is left with dry,
and all that things really happen in conversation.
Those are the externally.
Inevitably, that individual is become very agitated.
Agitated and also convoluted, stressful.
Or agitated, stressful, convoluted, moods change,
strongly changing, changing that.
Those in one response.
Most simplified in the teaching said, that moment,
kind of see the most smoky colors.
Smoky, kind of like, smoking things.
According to the teaching of the Vedayana,
these gender in this mirage, in the smoky,
all those vegans are signs of the clear light of the minister.
That's all reflected in the different forms.
So it's not really bad.
But however, those are vividly seen
by these conditions when that element is dissolved.
Element is dissolved.
And then in that effort in the teaching,
he said the water element is when,
when the water element is dissolved,
that moment also affected the kidney countries.
Kidneys.
And that individual is allowed,
can't hold in the water very well.
And those are like, like liquid is coming
from the different mouth, mouth,
mouth, all the ground from the different places.
Kind of liquid is all that.
So that is sign of the water element.
Now those people who really have the,
know the practice of power,
this time instead kind of worries
and concerning all that,
now is about the time to transfer the consciousness.
Use the practices.
Because now this time still,
our kind of mind is still quite stable,
our mind is moving, feeling is there,
you have knowledge,
you have the level of awareness.
So you should use the applies this time, this time.
And then, and again with that happen,
water element is dissolved,
kind of loses strength.
Then in the teaching he said,
it merged to the, to the, the power elements.
When the power element is dissolved,
externally that individual becomes very cold.
Cold, warm is not there.
Warm, all this is like kind of, you know,
warm is there.
The cold hand and the feet,
and then all this becomes cold,
start getting cold.
And in Italy that individual's mind
is now become very kind of weak, not completely calm,
very, very, become blurry and just really full of blood.
In the civil level that individual is beginning to see
as almost a kind of fire class,
sparking, sparking things coming on another.
Spark is there.
And that is the sign of the water element,
sorry, fire element is there.
That moment then in our teaching said,
what, the speedy chakra is losing strength,
or that time is not just the one.
Speech, speedy chakra is losing strength.
And that moment also then,
the what called level function is losing,
or the stop, stop in there.
So one after the other, all that happens.
What happens?
Then now with the fire element,
it's now merging with those that lose strength
and it is only where it goes to the wind elements.
It's finer to the wind elements.
Wind elements generally, what?
There is five winds in the Buddha's teaching man.
There is many numbers of winds related with five senses
and all that, but now they are all reduced,
they are all drawing inwardly, and now the five winds.
Five winds are now coming up all different direction
to the center wind in the heart levels, center levels.
Center levels at that moment,
then that individual is externally see
that breathing is become so difficult.
Breathing is become very difficult and let.
Breathing in and out is become very difficult.
Difficult.
At the same time that individual, so that is external science,
inwardly their science, then they don't really mind.
Everything is become so, look at the kind of fading way,
mostly they are reduced, because now there is no,
according to the teaching, mind is like this,
all these old senses are the passage of the mind,
they are the window of the mind is sparking though.
Now they are reduced, they are strengthened,
so therefore their mind is become very dull and dark state,
very dull state, dull state.
And at all that time, then what is become,
the chakra of the cigarette chakra is lost, completely controlled.
Balance of the cigarette chakra is controlled,
and that moment all the winds are completely merged.
Then there is one mind which is called the life force wind,
according to the teaching, life force wind, and that moment,
then the lung, the organ lung is losing the stem,
or it is functioning, functioning.
So then it's controlled, the whole elements are ended.
Water, sorry, earth, water, fire, wind is now started.
And then around that time, then I say the other day too.
Then the position, locations of the two elements
that we obtain from our balance are going to lose their positions.
And that in the teaching said, the force is the current chakras,
current chakras, and then what we obtain from our pattern,
the white element is coming down, coming down.
And that is really, then coming as I said, now that practitioners,
if they have practiced the bhova, they are really quite good of the bhova,
they should definitely not try to ask for it.
They sort of, even in minute teaching, some teaching said,
even just the beginning of the process of dissolving those elements.
For example, after the element is dissolving.
Dissolving those signs you read and now you experience that
and really try to keep the concentration of the meditation.
And that passage and that consciousness and the amintabha above head
and really try to think of that and ask for consciousness.
If somehow you have the print, those are practitioners,
they can also chime that phrase, this phrase to you.
It is reminding, even though you are very good,
but still in accordance teaching, it doesn't have to be too assuring
and helping to that to re-stand the things.
So then you dance for it.
But how do you work, now what is happening?
As I said the other day, now these two elements are going to merge.
Merge.
And in teaching say, the white element is coming down, coming down,
as from the kurung jakara and coming down to the heart center.
In Buddhism, in the Vedic energy, in Buddhism,
the mind is really residing in the heart center.
Heart.
So it is coming down to the heart.
At that moment, what is vegan?
Inner vegan.
Now it is all inner vegan.
Now your external organs or poor organs, all those are stuck.
Poor organs don't stop it.
Stop it.
That is known as in the teaching said,
now you don't have the external breathing.
External breathing is completely stuck.
Now still you have the accord in the teaching,
you have still subtle inner breathing, inner breathing.
So that time, this white element is coming down.
Coming down.
And it comes to the heart.
And the vegan as I said, what is that?
The clear wood vegan.
As like the bullion, the poor moon evening,
evening we need to come to when you have the skylight.
That moonlight comes down to the floor from that skylight.
Use the example in the teaching, as moonlight from the skylight,
where we believe white comes, comes down.
At that moment, that emotion in the teaching said,
related with the emotion, all the anger, related the anger emotions.
Anger emotions are completely stuck.
Related to the emotion of anger are all stuck for a short time,
or for my time beings.
At the same time, now the red element is coming up,
is not its position or its location.
It is coming upward, upward.
And what is it that individual is experiencing?
Everything becomes as reddish.
Red, red gallows.
And this beat when red and white, co-occurrence trout, beat when.
So when the red element is coming up in the teaching said,
that time all the emotions related with attachment are stuck.
Stuck at all.
When it is troubled that, the wind co-occurrence is troubled with two elements.
That moment, moment, then what?
All the related emotions of ignorance are stuck for time beings.
All that stuck.
So then that time that individual is known as, or pronounced as, death.
This coming, moving of these two elements,
pulls up the remote board.
They call the teaching, it won't take long time.
It just really is, of course, maybe dependent with individualism,
but it's just a matter of the monetist.
In the monetist, it won't take long time.
It just that happens.
So that is the moment of death.
And that, now when we do the powa,
we do the powa, as I said, at the beginning, when it is starting.
Well, your awareness is quite still clear at that time.
And not just the only powa, restrengthen.
As in the teaching here, one Guru Praveen Masam has said,
reactivate your instructions of the teachings.
Now teaching is only going to help us.
Us.
And all the past we are did of the samsara activity,
don't concern any, as I said, not concerned.
Also the Praveen member, Praveen there,
you are supposing that in the teaching,
say that the Guru Praveen Masam is teaching,
trying to that individual leaves for calm and peaceful,
not creating emotions.
Even if it is an emotion, it will be inspired.
He is nappy.
Whatever the belief they have, help with that belief is.
If they have Kshyala to believe, it's only going to heaven.
Felt that.
Really, now you are going to heaven.
Don't worry, we will be okay.
You've been so good person.
Mother, you've been so good mother.
Father, you've been so good father.
Or if it's brother, you've been great brothers.
If it's husband, you've been great husband.
If it's wife living greater.
Wife, boy is boy in the children.
You've been greater children.
You did wonderful things.
You go heaven, then we will meet or come back,
not come back, we've been Kshyala.
But we will meet.
You will meet in heavens.
You did wonderful things.
Really, soothing, calming, uplifting, encouraging.
That emotion, that thought is so important.
If that individual leaves the peaceful mind,
happy mind, it has a future bright.
Bardo and everything will become bright.
So therefore, according to their belief,
not according to my own belief,
I may have some different belief than them.
No, I'm telling that.
That is not the time to tell.
Helping to believe whatever their beliefs.
That is supporting and helping and ushering.
Ushering to their destinations.
And therefore, with mind is echoed.
Mind is so powerful in the Buddha teaching that we know, we learn.
Whatever mind decides, whatever mind makes,
it really will become that we make.
It will change the directions.
So where should we help and support them?
That is really important.
Any created emotions or said, crying, all that,
that will make, according to the Buddha teaching,
it will make trouble to that individual.
It's not the time to cry.
Even if we are crying, maybe go a little bit outside,
though that individual, you won't notice,
notice or not fill that hour and cry.
Of course, it's sad time.
Sad time, we all cry.
It's not something that only people cry.
Sad time, difficulty time, to every level.
But that is not the time to express that to that individual.
Individuals.
And a living up statement.
Nice, calm.
And every of the Buddha is practicing.
Tell the Buddhist Buddha's teaching.
How the Buddha's masters did.
How they left a great enlightenment.
For example, Umm Chiba.
Of course, Umm Chiba is highly enlightened.
When he announced that he is going to leave this world to his students,
he said, now I will leave this world alone.
I'm so happy and so delighted.
That my happiness and the delightful status
cannot be compared to a person who went to the ocean,
got the jewel.
In ancient time, in the Buddha's teaching in India,
they said that those ancient times,
margins go to the ocean.
And going to the ocean to reach the jewel island is very difficult to reach.
It's so many days.
Difficult troubles.
The pop-up dollars and this and that.
That and then the hurricane or typhoons and all these things.
Things.
When you got there, you collected the jewel and returned it back.
Also, so many difficult troubles.
And also in those areas, so in the jewel land in the teachings,
there's many troubles.
But if you're able to go there and get the jewel,
when you turn back to the shore, how much this margin is happy?
Nunki says, I'm more happy than those margins for further those goals.
And he also said, I'm more happy than the Indira when the battle with the Asuras.
And in the teachings, Indira and Asura for the god and the semi-god,
they fight, fight.
And so sometimes it's difficult to win.
But when Indira won't battle, he will be so delighted and so happy.
He said, I'm more happy than Indira when they won't battle.
Battle is this.
This is about the religions.
So now I will leave.
I go to the immortal state, fortress, fortress, fortress of the immortal states.
That's our culture. That's what Nunki says. Of course, Nunki has trouble doing that.
But many great masters and said, what this is.
The other great master said, death is not death.
Death is getting enlightenment.
Death is not a death.
Death is entering into the Dharmakayas.
Dharmakayas.
This is true.
This all is that statement.
Reality, there is no death.
The consciousness is never going to die according to Buddhism.
And then of course, also Christianity.
Christianity, all that is used too.
It's not like this.
Something is going to happen.
It's not ended yet.
So why are we warriors?
Why are we sad?
Sad is not going to help us.
Boring or the fear, F-E-A-R, fear is not going to help us.
It's there. We stand and reactivate our practice in meditation.
Meditation and maintaining that.
That is really so.
And we stand and what Nunki can say and do that.
And he can say, remain in the sphere of the clay and structures.
And what Nunki can say.
That's the statement that I had before too.
Remaining the sphere of clay and structures.
Try to remember the structures that Buddhist practices.
You see the teachings.
What in particular you are teaching.
You see so poorly all these teachings.
Details, pacifically.
Buddha, great siddha, Buddha layout everything as like road map.
Every way he said what there comes in everything is so clean.
So, keep down the structures.
And then he always says, task filled, unbound, sub-privileged,
in an open-ended space.
This is the dharmakaya poem.
The unbound consciousness merges to the unbound dharmakaya status.
Status.
That is the best.
Then you don't have to worry about the concentration,
all the very yogis and so forth.
Just relax.
That was a great man.
Many great masters said,
if somehow you didn't remember all the poet structures,
all that, if you're able to maintain our mind in a natural status.
Status.
All those are dissolving,
merging one after another those merging status.
Status.
Real and lateral is a display of one's own mind.
His mind is experiencing those.
Mind is emptiness.
We looked.
We think.
We searched.
It's not just something that we are.
I heard mind is empty.
We looked ourself.
Where is mind?
Ourself.
We did not find.
Not just we.
No body formed.
Even the most self-guided physics.
The expert physics never formed so far.
And all the Buddhas, bodhisattvas,
never formed this or this mind.
Mind.
So this is your mind and my mind.
There's nothing to die.
Who is dying?
What will die?
The other level of mind.
Really, the deeper thinking of that,
activating that is true.
True statement.
We're not pulling, pulling, pulling ourself.
We're not pulling the leg of ourself.
It's true.
It is true statement.
True statement.
What it says is true.
Why we don't stand on family truth at that crucial times.
Maybe some other times you can play games.
Games.
But that is crucial time.
Stand firmly on that truth.
This is the time to stand firmly on the truth as it is.
This.
So that is what the really thing you said.
Then, for example, I brought that,
I brought that to the merging of those consciousness.
And then I said other day.
Then you have the opportunity to reach enlightenment
to the Dharmakaya and also Savagaya service.
Those are the important in the teaching.
After that, what's it called?
After these two elements are joined,
consciousness like between two,
then it won't stay that joint,
that close that kind of merge.
It won't stay too long.
Too long.
It breaks out.
It can't impact so strong.
It stay for a moment.
But then it divide or separate out.
It loses its own strength.
Then it can't just dissolve back to there.
It can't merge.
It just ends there.
Then consciousness becomes alone.
Completely single out.
Single out.
So that time, our experience will be there.
Or not experience.
That time, I will really see the true,
exactly nature as it is.
Is Dharmakaya.
Or the true nature of the mind.
We'll see, exactly as it is.
When you practice it,
this light comes as looking practices.
Then you come immediately.
You recognize that.
And then you can maintain it.
That says, prolonged time.
And those are, in the teaching,
say that those individuals who have that cover bullet,
they stay, for example, in the Tibetan is very popular.
Popular or the African,
those are practicing in the past with them.
Stay in meditation.
And the five days, one week,
or even some days, for months even.
So that, the whole of the teaching,
then they stay in Dharmakaya.
That says, that says.
And when they stay there,
stay in that state,
their body is not declined,
or not become smelly,
and the brilliant color of the brightness stays fresh in us.
Everything stays.
So those are very kind of signs of their residing
in Dharmakaya state.
So that is Dharmakaya.
They reach to the enlightenment,
emerge to Dharmakaya state.
And up there,
then, I said the other day,
those light comes.
Comes and beams.
Beams.
Beams of light and light.
And the song, those come.
Beams, songs, comes.
Comes, and those are, again,
display of one's own, own awareness, wisdom.
What's a display?
So reality is not only coming outside,
it's a display of the nature,
luminously call it,
of the nature of the mind.
It's appearing.
And then, again,
if those people who practice it,
like Toga practices,
practices,
then immediately recognize this own display
and then get, again,
emerging to that state,
without any distractions,
being a subject or object,
and they reach to the Sambokaya state.
Also the Toga state.
And then, this, again,
up there, also then,
many times it comes,
many different times.
Again, another big song,
another big pyres,
another big kind of water in there.
So all the elements are coming.
In reality,
elements are part of the nature of the mind.
But now that reflecting,
the element of fire,
water, wind,
after elements are kind of like
reflecting it as driven images.
So kind of like big,
what's called ravine,
big ravine scene,
and as well as big pyre coming,
and big kind of like water coming,
and big wind coming,
with the noise, with the song,
all that coming,
again, if you recognize,
those are known as then,
the wisdom displays.
Again, reality is the wisdom.
Then reach to the Sambokaya state,
and when you reach that state,
the Sambokaya is there too,
it's not separate.
And once you see that,
that state is edgy,
edgy, or that,
and then, furthermore,
then, although it's coming.
The energy of Allah,
continually dawning,
all those different light and so on,
and then figures are coming.
According to the Dandara teaching,
and those peaceful Buddhas,
and Brahma Buddhas,
and then maybe,
those who don't have that,
those Dandaric teaching,
but different images are coming.
It's called a teaching,
a different religion,
just like dream.
So not necessarily,
when we see the dream,
the reality is a display of our own mind.
So that means,
it is.
It's mind is the Krikaya state,
in the Dzokhi state,
or the Vedic energy.
So all that dreams are the Krikaya emanations.
But we don't see,
our Sambokas are moving into dreaming,
as optic and object,
all the different things coming.
Similarly, even though you,
those deities,
you didn't recognize,
these are all different figures,
are coming one after that.
With that happened,
I already said,
and you already know,
I won't go back anymore,
but then,
that individual becomes very scary.
As a face,
and a subject,
an object,
and then lady like that,
and then also,
that individual,
when they are going through that,
our father,
then they are not completely scared,
feeling of the insecurity,
and a little bit tired,
and very kind of like,
like bold,
and scary,
and tiring,
and all that.
It's the same thing,
those things are coming.
So they like to avoid,
they like to run away from there.
That happened,
then more is coming,
yes, all,
the shadows,
can't really play shadows.
But reality,
I mean,
it's like shadow,
but that individual,
those people don't recognize.
So that is a part of the experience,
all of that.
So those are the brief teachings
on the part of the wind
we should transfer to consciousness.
Consciousness.
Again,
as I said,
see,
in terms of consciousness transfer,
what we mean,
that happens.
Yes,
in the beginning of those
emergent elements,
time is the ideal time,
trying to advance further
and pour wine into the practices.
Oh, action.
Action.
And so that is my brief talk,
but maybe I'll just stop here,
and we have some food,
and I'm sure you do what we discuss.